bedrock: use block number for key in output oracle (#2707)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/proposals.md

## L2 Output Oracle Smart Contract

L2 blocks are produced at a constant rate of `L2_BLOCK_TIME` (2 seconds).
A new L2 output MUST be appended to the chain once per `SUBMISSION_INTERVAL` which is based on a number of blocks.
The exact number is yet to be determined, and will depend on the design of the fault proving game.

The L2 Output Oracle contract implements the following interface:

```js
/**
 * @notice Accepts an L2 outputRoot and the timestamp of the corresponding L2 block. The
 * timestamp must be equal to the current value returned by `nextTimestamp()` in order to be
 * accepted.
 * This function may only be called by the Sequencer.
 * @param _l2Output The L2 output of the checkpoint block.

>  * @param _l2timestamp The L2 block timestamp that resulted in _l2Output.

Reviewer: doc comment needs to refer to `_l2BlockNumber` now

>  * @param _l2timestamp The L2 block timestamp that resulted in _l2Output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param _l2BlockNumber The L2 block number that resulted in _l2Output.
```

Author: Amended previous commit and fixed.

 * @param _l1Blockhash A block hash which must be included in the current chain.

>  * @param _l1Blocknumber The block number with the specified block hash.

Reviewer: Can you update the order of the doc comment params to match the function?

 */
  function appendL2Output(
      bytes32 _l2Output,
      uint256 _l2BlockNumber,
      bytes32 _l1Blockhash,
      uint256 _l1BlockNumber

>   )

Reviewer: duplicate argument name, 2nd should be `_l2timestamp` I think (and might need to fix capitalization for consistency with other arg names).

Reviewer: Oh wait, I can't read, it's `l1BlockNumber`
